So, let's create a nice test and
do projector.ts.
We're almost there.
I know we're writing a lot of code.
I feel like we're kinda crushing that out.
Hopefully this feels good, I like nothing
like a good code crashing time, right?
My goodness, it's just the greatest.
Hopefully all my ranting about
not googling everything and
memorizing everything is
really showing here, right?
The more you just remember to do,
the faster you get to move and
the less flow you have to break.
I feel like that's just what makes it,
or at least what gives me a lot of speed
advantage, is just simply I don't
ever Google a lot of the basic stuff.
Cuz I took the time once,
memorized a bunch of stuff,
and now you can just kinda flow with it.
And your LSP kind of can help fill in
the gaps in the little places where
you're like, is it strings or
is it string, is it this or is it this?
And it just kinda does the rest for you.
Anyways, enough of that nonsense,
so let's do the testing,
testing of course is gonna be
pretty easy on this one I think.
We'll import projector from, if you wanna
guess, or form from projector, awesome.
And so now we're just gonna create
a series of tests that do this for us.
I am gonna do a little bit of
abstraction because one thing I don't
wanna have to do is create the same
data object over and over again.
So let's just do function createData, and
this thing is just simply
gonna return a padding.
So we'll do slash, and
this will have foo and bar1, awesome.
And we're gonna highlight this over here,
add that, paste it in, over foo.
I think this is gonna break but,
yeah, it's definitely gonna break but
it's kinda fun to see what happens.
Now, let's just see what happens.
Okay, nothing happened.
Nothing happened.
Okay, whatever, it doesn't matter.
I was gonna try to macro this output but
then I realized you can't really do that.
Let's also get rid of these leading
slashes and just have three directories,
there we go.
We have /foo and foo bar.
They each have one key and
then we're gonna have one more.
We'll have fem : is_great.
[LAUGH] Frontend Masters is great, look
at that, it's right there on the roofs.
Awesome, so
we should be able to see these values, and
we should be able to test that we can
not only grab values from our directory.
We can also grab values
a few directories behind us,
kind of set up all the possibilities.
I shouldn't be able to delete
them if I'm in directory foo bar.
I should be able to set the value,
fem, in foo bar but
not overwrite it in root, right?
We should be able to have all these
nice tests kinda pretty easy to do here.
And of course, we should be able to
have a function getProjector which
simply should be returning,
based on your present working directory,
which is a string,
should return out a projector, right?
So we'll just have that right away,
should be pretty easy.
New Projector, it's gonna take in
a config, and it's gonna take in,
of course, a data.
So I can go getData, awesome,
we'll just use that same generic
data that we've been using.
And so the config, of course,
is gonna have args, right?
So what is the args?
Well, it's not gonna matter to us
because the args are how we're
going to operate on the projector.
So we don't actually need anything for
the args.
The operation, we don't need anything for
the operation, right?
The only thing that's really mattering is
the present working directory right now.
If we actually somehow use the config,
that would be bad.
So the config, of course,
we can also do hello Frontend Masters
with the e not capitalized.
They specifically told
me they don't do that.
There we go, it's not two words.
Awesome, so now we have everything we need
to do, apparently getData, createData.
I mean, it's technically more correct,
but we'll do getData.
All right, fantastic argument of this.
Is not, yeah, of course not.
It's really not.
We forgot to do the top
level key of projector.
So let's just make sure we do that now.
Awesome, so now we have the top level key.
We forgot to do that cuz it's
not a data object, right?
That thing was quacking like a duck,
but it wasn't locked in like one.
Classic draft problem right there.
So let's start doing
some testing right now.
Should be pretty easy.
We'll start with the getValueAll function,
yeah, that seems right.
And let's do a quick function,
do one of these.
And now we just need to create
the projector, add a specific path, and
try to get all the values and make sure
it gets the values we would expect.
So of course const proj = getProjector,
and
I just want the present working directory
of, let's do all the way in, /foo/bar.
Cuz we know for
a fact /foo/bar should give us bar3, and
it should also give us, fem: is_great.
So let's go,
expect(proj.getValueAll()).toEqual,
is there a deepEqual?
I think this this works, right?
No longer needs that
whole deepEqual thing.
We should have fem which is_great and
we should also have foo and
should be bar3, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, I would say it's gonna be bar3,
it's the third one.
So if this works,
everything should be great.
Let's just run this test right
now to make sure everything
operates how we expect it to,
we don't have any bugs.
Awesome, we've done it.
It turns out I have first tried this,
we're gonna keep on going.
We're gonna keep first trying
this all the way through the sky,
it's gonna be fantastic.
All right, so
I'm gonna just copy that whole getValue.
Let's do the exact same thing right here.
Let's do getValue, but
this time we're gonna have to
do it a little bit different.
Let's go getValue, and
I wanna test out foo,
which should just return to me bar3,
right?
Awesome, so it should do that.
And I'm gonna change this to a let,
which means that, oopsies,
that I should be able to reassign this at
a different path and see bar2, correct?
I should also be able to get fem, and
get this from our root directory, right?
I should be able to kinda move
ourselves around and do this and
get all the correct stuff.
Correct, everyone's kind
of on board with that?
That shows really the power that we're
doing all the operations we want.
I feel like this is a fairly good test for
this.
All right, so let's set a value.
Let's prove that we can set a value
without overriding anything.
So I'm gonna actually upgrade this
little testing method to include data,
and it's just gonna equal getData.
So that way,
I can provide the same data twice and
see that I'm not mutating it in any sort
of way that should not happen, right?
So let's just do data right here,
fantastic.
We are now passing in a data, and
all of our previous ones won't break,
due to the beauty of default arguments.
All right, so let's set a value.
We're gonna grab out
a projector at foo bar.
Let's go proj.setValue.
And let's first override a value,
let's do foo baz, yeah.
Hopefully everyone still is always
okay with foo, bar, and baz.
I like those values,
I just find that they're pleasant to use.
All right, so when I get this,
I should expect to see baz, correct?
I think that's the value we should expect,
fantastic.
So let's just run this one more time,
see how we're doing.
My goodness,
it just keeps on being a first try.
It's the greatest moment of my life.
And so that's better than my wedding
day to be able to do this first try.
So let's see if this happens.
Hopefully, my wife will
never listen to this.
All right, so let's do that,
everything's great.
And now what I should be able to do
is also set one more value, right?
I should be able to set, fem,
is_better_than_great, right?
And that should overwrite it at
this location of /foo/bar, but
shouldn't overwrite it
at the root directory.
And so
we're going to kind of test that out.
So when I add one more data = getData,
so I can hold on to this,
pass in that data,
set this value, awesome.
I should be able to get that value and
have it come right out, right,
is_better_than_great, right?
Prove that even though we have
a value deeper in the tree or
higher up in the tree,
shallower in the tree.
I'm not sure which direction,
depending on how you view what is upstream
and downstream, should exist, awesome.
So I'm just gonna recreate projector,
proj = getProjector.
And we're just gonna use slash,
pass in data, and
I should be able to expect
this value is_great, correct.
We did not overwrite anything.
We've properly kept
the structure of this projector.
Do this one last time.
All right, let's do removeValue, awesome.
So this should do the exact same thing, we
should only remove from our directory and
not directories below us.
And this one can be done
pretty straightforward,
it should be pretty easy to be able to do.
So I'm just gonna go, const proj.
And the first thing I'm gonna do is
go proj.deleteValue, no, it's remove.
It's removedValue,
did I call it removeValue?
I thought I had called it deleteValue.
Anyway, it doesn't really matter.
Let's remove fem.
Now remember,
fem is at the root directory or
at /foo/bar,
this should effectively produce nothing.
I should be able to get the value, and
it should still be is_great, correct?
Cuz we shouldn't be removing
anything at our level.
But we should be able to remove foo and
grab foo, which will now become bar2.
Because we have removed bar3 from
our level, it should fall back.
I believe this will pretty much test most
conditions that can happen inside of our
projector program.
And we've kept the state consistent cuz
there is almost nothing worse than if you
have a bunch of configuration and
state gets messed up.
It can be an emotionally challenging time.
So I feel like it's very good to have
some pretty strong tests around this.
Let's run the test.
My goodness, my gracious, first time.
Are we gonna do back-to-back first times?
Now that's the real question.
Will we get Go correct also?
Jury's out.
We don't know.
Well, let's find out.